Mommy, you're my rival...
De-wa, de-wa, de-wa,
de-wa, de-wa, de-wa, da-da-da.
Hey, can I borrow your pink dress?
It's for my first date with him.
You were the
prettiest girl in high school,
The dress you used to wear back then, Mom.
You once nostalgically
told me a love story
About how you and Dad fell in love
under the starry night at a dance party.
The car horn honked three times,
my boyfriend has come to pick me up.
I spun around in front of the mirror—
do I look pretty now?
Tu, lu, tu, tu, tu,
tu, lu, tu, tu, lu, lu.
Hey, Mom, can I borrow your lipstick?
I want to look a little more grown up.
Your hairstyle, your make-up...
Let me copy you from head to toe,
So I can make all the boys fall for me.
You're my rival,
So I have to go beyond my genes.
De-wa, de-wa, de-wa,
de-wa, de-wa, de-wa, da-da-da.
In the old graduation photo,
there's a girl who looks just like me.
The cutest one with the ponytail—
it's you, right, Mom?
I wasn't the one
who opened the front door,
And for a second, my boyfriend
was confused—you looked way too young.
Tu, lu, tu, tu, tu,
tu, lu, tu, tu, lu, lu.
We're like sisters.
Lend me that pink dress.
It was tucked away
in the back of the closet.
The design's pretty old-fashioned,
but it's still stylish, and I like it.
Yeah, it's the kind of dress
that'll make anyone turn their head.
I'll follow in your footsteps, Mom,
and one day, I'll find someone like Dad.